MTA-6893 Document Hub OIDC authentication (#382)
migtools/mta-documentation: assemblies/mta-install-title/assembly_identity-provider-authentication.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.5
:_template-generated: 2025-07-31
:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

ifdef::context[:parent-context-of-identity-provider-authentication: {context}]

ifndef::context[]
[id="identity-provider-authentication"]
endif::[]
ifdef::context[]
[id="identity-provider-authentication_{context}"]
endif::[]
= Identity provider authentication

:context: identity-provider-authentication

[role="_abstract"]

> Administrators can simplify security and regulatory compliance by implementing the {ProductFullName} Hub as an OpenID Connect (OIDC) Broker to federate user authentication to an identity provider (IdP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an administrator, you can simplify security and regulatory compliance by implementing the {ProductFullName} Hub as an OpenID Connect (OIDC) broker to federate user authentication to an identity provider (IdP).
```

third person instead of user-centric

> {ProductShortName} supports integrating IdPs and managing roles and permissions in the {ProductShortName} web console for authorization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can integrate the following IdPs and manage roles and permissions in the {ProductShortName} web console for authorization:
```

Avoid anthropomorphizing the product by assigning it human capabilities like "supports".

Try to write the lead-in sentence to address the user directly.

> You can integrate the following IdPs and managing roles and permissions in the {ProductShortName} web console for authorization:

Reviewer 2: You can integrate the following IdPs and manage roles

Author: Made the update here, thanks!

> * Keycloak instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keycloak
```

Just so it matches the pattern of writing in the rest of the list
